Hello Guys welcome back.
In a previous section Adam Peterson had a walking us through on how to build the profile and address
front and using angular TMLC assess in every e-commerce platform.
Having a seller to post a product is an important feature with our products.
Users cannot even pre-Chase do it.
That is the reason why this section is super important.
We need a sales feature to be able to post a product on the platform.
In this section we will learn about Amazon Web services specifically asked tree.
We will learn how to post a picture to ask tree.
We will learn how to push a product.
As a seller we will learn how to create two separate schemas.
And lastly we will learn how to build a couple of API in the next video.
We will learn how to create our second schema with this category schema.
So yes in the next video.